you know what I noticed the other day
there are no young people on all of
these clicking shows you know what
you're right did I know colored people
no for real that's weird
it is weird you know what we should do
right what there should be a show with
two young people that are black yeah
they're stylish and they cook with great
ingredients and there's drinking and
they're funny and there's whiskey we
should really do this what a little
pervy it's a great idea
[Music]
you wanna grab a drink instead yes
because we're sick of your struggle
playground
[Music]
everybody welcome and thank you so much
for joining us on the very first episode
of butter and brown we are so excited so
the first thing we're gonna do just like
you'll see on every episode of butter
and brown the follow is we're gonna
start off with the cocktail you know it
and it will always be comprised of a
brown liquor because we love it so much
and really because I'm tired to seeing
everybody order that crap at the bar
like cranberry and vodka la waters Long
Island iced teas
Irish Car Bomb College is over it's done
medica okay so we're going to teach you
today how to make a classic drink so you
can do it at home
and it has a classic name as well oh
here's what you need a little bit of
sugar some Angostura bitters regular and
orange suburban we're gonna use four
roses it's probably the best you can get
under 20 bucks or thermal couple glasses
and an orange while I get started step
is gonna grab some ice you need about a
teaspoon of sugar per glass remember
this is according to your level of
sweetness
we like to taste the liquor so we don't
put that much 8 to 10 nations of the
Angostura bitters the regular 1 2 to 3
of the orange for love flavor
[Music]
and two ounces of bourbon per glass now
you can have a four if you want to but
keep it classy now we're gonna drop
these two big beautiful two fancy ice
cubes in the glasses well we prefer to
use the bigger than ice cubes because
they melt a lot slower than the ice
chips do them so now the last thing we
want to do is we want to take that
everyday orange that we talked about we
want to cut two pieces of the rind off
and there's one for Leslie thank you and
then there's one for me oh that's not
big enough let me cut another one yeah
one for me we want to hold that Rhine
over the glass itself we want to extract
the oils and press on it you see that
almost burnt off my beard I want to rub
that around the rim of the glass and the
last thing we want to do is just drop
that in a drink for a little garnish and
enjoy telogen Easter would you end up
gently go school which church you better
know but of course you know there was a
dinner and then what did they have that
dry spaghetti in that big pan with the
minors why would a its regretted that
that's all a lot of people notice the
holy pasta dish they thought amazing but
there's so many others are flattening
shrimp scampi who can't make or
penne alla vodka would it look chicken
CZ good you trying to make me eat I'm
getting this kitchen let's see so we're
gonna make penne alla vodka me and it's
really easy all this stuff is things you
probably have in your cabinet right
definitely there is penne pasta we got a
little olive oil we're gonna have some
aromatics shallots garlic to lit the
business a little you know then we have
a little tomatoes and of course the
cheese now because we're too young black
people let's acknowledge this chicken
[ __ ] right now
[Music]
I I'll be honest it's been a love-hate
relationship
nice juicy sometimes I've been been
embarrassed of you in public you know
Bres it's it's been a back and forth
thing up and down sometimes I love it
sometimes I don't delicious
I mean but in the end it's it's been
there for me when nothing else was I
love chicken the so does everybody else
know one other race of people one of the
walk it doesn't love chicken I'll wait
but I'm gonna hold you down exactly
there isn't one chicken is amazing take
off for something right now you've been
there for me when no one else was it's
me and you to the end chicken [ __ ] even
a fried Izzie
now that we got that on the way we can
go ahead and get started with making the
sauce so I'll do that
and since is gonna show you how to
marinate this chain this is very simple
all we want to do is marinate both sides
of this chicken with a little olive oil
seasoned liberally on both sides with a
little kosher salt and finish it off
with some pepper and all that's left to
do is put that off to the side that easy
perfect timing
now that I'm done you can go ahead and
get started on the sauce so now that
we've been is prepping everything we can
go ahead and get started as a song
that's gonna go ahead and work that out
and I'm gonna tell you how it's done
the first thing you want to do is pour a
little evo in the pot and sauté up those
aromatics that shallots pearbook the
garlic and those herbs remember we
talked about building flavors from the
beginning you don't want things to be
nasty after that you're gonna scoop some
of those Tomatoes throw those into the
pan along with the whole cans of the
tomato sauce we're gonna go ahead and
bring that to a boil season it up with a
little salt and pepper and then we let
that come because we want those tomatoes
to break down just sounds lovely after
we do that we usually want to let those
Tomatoes break down some because you
don't want to
then we're gonna pour in the vodka and
the half a cup of cream bring it back to
a boil so that's a vodka can embroil
itself out and then we have our sauce at
that point we want to turn it down to a
simmer and let that go ahead and make
away while I get started with this chick
now by the time we get to the chicken
you want to make sure that the pan is
screamin hot the reason for this is we
want to teach you guys how to make the
most moist juicy chicken possible we
already know that Leslie doesn't like
the word moist what's wrong with it it
sounds like we're not talking about
dirty panties we're talking about moist
chicken and after you guys try this
technique at home you'll see exactly why
I describe it as such
now Leslie's gonna put that already
marinated chicken cutlet one that
screaming hot pan you're gonna cook it
on one side for a minute to a minute and
a half and then after that you're gonna
flip it and let it cook another minute
to a minute and a half so you see that
color on both sides then you're gonna
reduce the heat to low you're gonna
cover it and you're gonna let it cook an
additional 10 minutes and what we're
gonna end up with is the most flavorful
juicy moist chicken possible so at this
point all we have left to do is plate
we went ahead and mix the sauce and the
pasta together so that way the flavors
can marry and that pasta can't get all
coated you gonna get that you
[Music]
I remember you can keep the chicken
whole or you can cut it up in slices
maybe you want to mix it up in your
sauce it really depends on you we prefer
our slice a little bit for you you can
also garnish with a little faith and you
have cheese you know how much better
than mother someone says look drag good
you mean you'll miss that sharp cheddar
melted all over top of it you're right -
this is amazing we want to thank you
guys so much for joining us today on
butter and brown we're gonna take this
and enjoy it by the pool we'll see y'all
later peace
[Music]
synthetics better blow and that is all